DOCSP-49095: Retryable Reads and Writes (#585)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/crud/configure.txt

For more information about read preference, see :manual:`Read Preference
</core/read-preference/>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

Retryable Reads and Writes
--------------------------

The {+driver-short+} automatically retries certain read and write operations a single time
if they fail due to a network or server error.

You can explicitly disable retryable reads or retryable writes by setting the ``RetryReads``
or ``RetryWrites`` options on a ``MongoClientSettings`` object and passing this object to the
``MongoClient`` constructor. The following example disables retryable reads and writes for
a client:

> .. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-examples/ReplicaSetConfigs.cs
>    :start-after: start-retry-reads-writes
>    :end-before: end-retry-reads-writes
>    :language: csharp
>    :dedent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-examples/ReplicaSetConfigs.cs
   :start-after: start-retry-reads-writes
   :end-before: end-retry-reads-writes
   :language: csharp
   :dedent:
```
S: Could add highlighting on lines 2-3.

> To learn more about supported retryable reads and retryable writes, see :manual:`Retryable Reads </core/retryable-reads/>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about supported retryable read and retryable write operations, see :manual:`Retryable Reads </core/retryable-reads/>`
```
S: To tie in unnamed operations in intro

For more information about read preference, see :manual:`Read Preference
</core/read-preference/>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

Retryable Reads and Writes
--------------------------

The {+driver-short+} automatically retries certain read and write operations a single time
if they fail due to a network or server error.

You can explicitly disable retryable reads or retryable writes by setting the ``RetryReads``
or ``RetryWrites`` options on a ``MongoClientSettings`` object and passing this object to the
``MongoClient`` constructor. The following example disables retryable reads and writes for
a client:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-examples/ReplicaSetConfigs.cs
   :start-after: start-retry-reads-writes
   :end-before: end-retry-reads-writes
   :emphasize-lines: 2-3
   :language: csharp
   :dedent:

> To learn more about supported retryable read and retryable write operations, see

Reviewer 2: Not sure if it would be worth mentioning here or if there is a more appropriate place, but should also say that those can be set already in the connection string?
